<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="cover-page-information" outputclass="cover" xml:lang="en-us">
    <title>Cover page information</title>
    <body>
        <section id="this-version">
            <title>This version</title>
            <sl>
                <sli><xref keyref="this-html"/> (Authoritative)</sli>
                <sli><xref keyref="this-pdf"/></sli>
            </sl>
        </section>
        <section id="previous-version">
            <title>Previous version</title>
            <p>Not applicable.</p>
            <!--Uncomment and use the following markup for subsequent stages of the committee note.-->
            <!--<sl><sli><xref keyref="previous-html"/> (Authoritative version) </sli><sli><xref keyref="previous-pdf"/></sli></sl>-->
        </section>
        <section id="latest-version">
            <title>Latest version</title>
            <sl>
                <sli>
                    <xref keyref="latest-html"/> (Authoritative)</sli>
                <sli><xref keyref="latest-pdf"/></sli>
            </sl>
        </section>
        <section id="technical-committee">
            <title>Technical Committee</title>
            <p><xref href="https://www.oasis-open.org/committees/dita/" format="html"
                    scope="external">OASIS Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA)
                TC</xref></p>
        </section>
        <section id="chair">
            <title>Chair</title>
            <p>Kristen James Eberlein (<xref format="mailto"
                    href="mailto:kris@eberleinconsulting.com" scope="external"
                    >kris@eberleinconsulting.com</xref>), <xref
                    href="http://eberleinconsulting.com/" format="html" scope="external">Eberlein
                    Consulting LLC</xref></p>
        </section>
        <section id="editors">
            <title>Editors</title>
            <sl>
                <sli>Kristen James Eberlein (<xref format="mailto"
                        href="mailto:kris@eberleinconsulting.com" scope="external"
                        >kris@eberleinconsulting.com</xref>), <xref
                        href="http://eberleinconsulting.com/" format="html" scope="external"
                        >Eberlein Consulting LLC</xref></sli>
            </sl>
        </section>
        <section id="additional-artifacts">
            <title>Additional artifacts</title>
            <p>This document is part of a work product that also includes:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>ZIP file that contains the DITA source for this document. <xref
                        keyref="this-dita"/></li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="related-work">
            <title>Related work</title>
            <p> This document is related to:</p>
            <ul>
                <li><cite>Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA) Version 1.3 Errata
                    02</cite>. OASIS Approved Errata.<xref keyref="latest-errata-html"/></li>
                <li><cite>Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA) Version 1.3. Part 0:
                        Overview Plus Errata 02</cite>. OASIS Standard incorporating Approved
                    Errata. <xref keyref="latest-part-0-html"/>.</li>
                <li><cite>Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA) Part 1: Base Edition Plus
                        Errata 02</cite>. OASIS Standard incorporating Approved Errata. <xref
                        keyref="latest-part-1-html"/>. This edition contains topic and map; it is
                    designed for implementers and users who need only the most fundamental pieces of
                    the DITA framework.</li>
                <li><cite>Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA) Part 2: Technical Content
                        Edition Plus Errata 02</cite>. OASIS Standard incorporating Approved Errata.
                        <xref keyref="latest-part-2-html"/>. This edition contains the base
                    architecture plus the technical-content specializations; it is designed for
                    authors who use information typing and document complex applications and
                    devices.</li>
                <li><cite>Darwin Information Typing Architecture (DITA) Part 3: All-Inclusive
                        Edition Plus Errata 02</cite>. OASIS Standard incorporating Approved Errata.
                        <xref keyref="latest-part-3-html"/>. This edition contains the base
                    architecture, technical content, and the learning and training specializations.
                    It is designed for implementers who want all OASIS-approved specializations, as
                    well as users who develop learning and training materials.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section id="abstract">
            <title>Abstract</title>
            <p>&lt;Add an abstract for the committee note here></p>
        </section>
        <section id="status">
            <title>Status</title>
            <p>This document was last revised or approved by the OASIS Darwin Information Typing
                Architecture (DITA) TC on the above date. The level of approval is also listed
                above. Check the “Latest version” location noted above for possible later revisions
                of this document.</p>
            <p>TC members should send comments on this document to the TC’s email list. Others
                should send comments to the TC’s public comment list, after subscribing to it by
                following the instructions at the “Send A Comment” button on the TC’s web page at
                    <xref keyref="tc-comment"/>.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="citation-format">
            <title>Citation format</title>
            <p>When referencing this note, the following citation format should be used:</p>
            <dl>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>[&lt;WP-abbrev>]</dt>
                    <dd><cite>&lt;Committee note title></cite> Version &lt;x.x>. Edited by &lt;list
                        editors in alphabetical order>. <keyword keyref="stage-date"/>. <keyword
                            keyref="stage"/>. <xref keyref="this-html"/>. Latest version: <xref
                            keyref="latest-html"/>.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
